Add MQTT datetime platform (#45003)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/datetime.mqtt.markdown

      required: false
      type: string
enabled_by_default:
  description: Controls whether this entity is enabled by default. When set to `true`, the entity is enabled and usable immediately. Disabled entities are hidden by default until you enable them from the device page.
  required: false
  type: boolean
  default: true
encoding:
  description: The encoding used for received payloads and published messages. Set to `""` to disable decoding of incoming payload.
  required: false
  type: string
  default: "utf-8"
entity_category:
  description: The [category](https://developers.home-assistant.io/docs/core/entity#generic-properties) of the entity.
  required: false
  type: string
entity_picture:
  description: "Picture URL for the entity."
  required: false
  type: string
json_attributes_template:
  description: "Defines a [template](/docs/configuration/templating/#using-value-templates-with-mqtt) to extract the JSON dictionary from messages received on the `json_attributes_topic`."
  required: false
  type: template
json_attributes_topic:

>   description: The MQTT topic subscribed to for receiving a JSON dictionary payload that sets the entity attributes. Implies `force_update` of the current daye state when a message is received on this topic.

Author: ```suggestion
  description: The MQTT topic subscribed to for receiving a JSON dictionary payload that sets the entity attributes. Implies `force_update` of the current date/time state when a message is received on this topic.
```

  required: false
  type: string
name:
  description: The name of the date/time entity. Can be set to `null` if only the device name is relevant.
  required: false
  type: string
  default: "MQTT Date/Time"
platform:
  description: Must be `datetime`. Only allowed and required in [MQTT auto discovery device messages](/integrations/mqtt/#device-discovery-payload).
  required: true
  type: string
qos:
  description: The maximum QoS level to be used when receiving and publishing messages.
  required: false
  type: integer
  default: 0
retain:
  description: If the published message should have the retain flag on or not.
  required: false
  type: boolean
  default: false
state_topic:

>   description: "The MQTT topic subscribed to receive date/time state updates. Date state updates should contain a parable date string, e.a. '2025-12-01' or '1 March 2025'. If a time structure is passed, the current date will be will be used. Can be used with `value_template` to render the incoming payload to a parsable date/time string expression. The expression must include a timezone, but must be omitted if the `timezone` option is set. If needed, the `value_template` option can be used to define a template that renders to a valid date/time structure.

Author: ```suggestion
  description: "The MQTT topic subscribed to receive date/time state updates. Date state updates should contain a parsable date string, e.a. '2025-12-01' or '1 March 2025'. If a time structure is passed, the current date will be will be used. Can be used with `value_template` to render the incoming payload to a parsable date/time string expression. The expression must include a timezone, but must be omitted if the `timezone` option is set. If needed, the `value_template` option can be used to define a template that renders to a valid date/time structure."
```
